Introduction

Use several innovative technoligies, such as massive online open courses (MOOCs)
and timely intervene students' learning behavior according to the measurement
result of engagement.

Studies have indicated that self-regulated learning strategies produce positive
effects on students' levels of engagement

3 Research Questions:

Can a learning analytics approach improve students' levels of engagement in
comparison with students' engagement with a conventional collaborative
programming course?

Can a learning analystics approach improve students' learning outcomes in
comparison with their outcomes in a conventional collaborative programming
course?

What is the relationship between students' self-regulation ability and levels
of engagement?


Literature Review

Learning analytics can be categorized as a special condition of big data in a
computer-based learning scenario.

The concept of learning analytics involves identifying at-risk student
populations and providing proactive intervention strategies.

For instance, Chiang Yang and et al. collected students' interaction data in
an AR-based inquiry system and extracted sequential patterns to understand
students' learning behaviors.

Casquero and et al. analyzed students' learning behaviors and personal networks
through clustered graphs; they showed that a personal learning environment with
a learning analytics approach provided positive effects on students' learning
performance.

Intervention also played a major role in learning analytics; instructors must
intervene after identifying at-risk student populations. Many researchers have
developed intervention strategies to improve students' learning performance.

Lonn et al. observed students' learning behaviors and offered face-to-face
interventions in a summer bridge program.

**The results show that learning performances as well as ability to construct
knowledge was improved by applying learning analytics.

**On the basis of these findings, the present study proposes indicator variables,
particularly level-of-engagement as defined in Section 4.4, that can help
instructors to identify at-risk populations and provide timely intervention.
